<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><head>
<title>CompTIA Cloud+&#174; Certification Study Guide, Second Edition (Exam CV0-002)</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="amzn-mobi" href="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media=" all" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<hr class="hr-s" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true"/>
<h2 class="h2f" id="ack"><span id="page_xix" epub:type="pagebreak"></span><span class="black">ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</span></h2>
<hr class="hr-s1" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true"/>
<p class="noindent-d"><span class="dropcap">W</span>e would like to thank our spouses, Aimee Vanderburg and Megan Wilson, for having patience with us while we finished this project. Without their love, encouragement, and support this project would have not been possible. The support by our families throughout this project is the primary reason for its success.</p>
<p class="indent">In addition to his wife Aimee, Eric thanks his children, Faith and Jacob, for their understanding when Daddy had to work instead of conquering dragons, constructing skyscrapers, or sitting down to tea with some stuffed friends. He thanks his parents for the example they set of working hard to accomplish great things, for modeling excellence and integrity, and for giving him the freedom to fail enough to succeed.</p>
<p class="indent">No matter the size, each book is a team effort. It has been a real pleasure to work with the professional editors at McGraw-Hill, especially acquisitions editor Amy Stonebraker and executive editor Timothy Green. Thank you for your patience, flexibility, and honest feedback. Dan Lachance deserves special mention for his outstanding contributions as technical editor. His comments, clarifying notes, and perspective brought polish and refinement to this work. We also want to thank Claire Yee for her attention to detail and friendly support. It has been a blessing to work with such a skilled editorial team. We are also grateful to Mike Mercer for his software development insight and Bogdan Salamakha for his valuable comments on penetration testing. Lastly, we want to acknowledge the excellent work of McGraw-Hill&#8217;s production team.</p>
<p class="indent">Thank you all so much! May this book be a testimony to your efforts, assistance, and guidance.</p>
</section>
</body></html>