<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><head>
<title>CompTIA Cloud+&#174; Certification Study Guide, Second Edition (Exam CV0-002)</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="amzn-mobi" href="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media=" all" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<h4 class="h4" id="bm"><span id="page_545" epub:type="pagebreak"></span>Single User License Terms and Conditions</h4>
<p class="noindent">Online access to the digital content included with this book is governed by the McGraw-Hill Education License Agreement outlined next. By using this digital content you agree to the terms of that license.</p>
<p class="noind-gg"><span class="bign"><strong>Access</strong></span>&#160;&#160;&#160;To register and activate your Total Seminars Training Hub account, simply follow these easy steps.</p>
<p class="numpt"><span class="none" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span>1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Go to <strong><a href="http://hub.totalsem.com/mheclaim">hub.totalsem.com/mheclaim</a>.</strong></p>
<p class="nums"><span class="none" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span>2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To Register and create a new Training Hub account, enter your email address, name, and password. No further information (such as credit card number) is required to create an account.</p>
<p class="nums"><span class="none" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span>3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If you already have a Total Seminars Training Hub account, select &#8220;Log in&#8221; and enter your email and password.</p>
<p class="nums"><span class="none" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span>4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Enter your Product Key: <code><strong>szmr-33kn-3zss</strong></code></p>
<p class="nums"><span class="none" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span>5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Click to accept the user license terms.</p>
<p class="nums"><span class="none" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</span>6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Click &#8220;Register and Claim&#8221; to create your account. You will be taken to the Training Hub and have access to the content for this book.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><span class="bign"><strong>Duration of License</strong></span>&#160;&#160;&#160;Access to your online content through the Total Seminars Training Hub will expire one year from the date the publisher declares the book out of print.</p>
<p class="indent">Your purchase of this McGraw-Hill Education product, including its access code, through a retail store is subject to the refund policy of that store.</p>
<p class="indent">The Content is a copyrighted work of McGraw-Hill Education and McGraw-Hill Education reserves all rights in and to the Content. The Work is &#0169; 2018 by McGraw-Hill Education, LLC.<span id="page_546" epub:type="pagebreak"></span></p>
<p class="noindentt"><span class="bign"><strong>Restrictions on Transfer</strong></span>&#160;&#160;&#160;The user is receiving only a limited right to use the Content for user&#8217;s own internal and personal use, dependent on purchase and continued ownership of this book. The user may not reproduce, forward, modify, create derivative works based upon, transmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, or sublicense the Content or in any way commingle the Content with other third-party content, without McGraw-Hill Education&#8217;s consent.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><span class="bign"><strong>Limited Warranty</strong></span>&#160;&#160;&#160;The McGraw-Hill Education Content is provided on an &#8220;as is&#8221; basis. Neither McGraw-Hill Education nor its licensors make any guarantees or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use as to any McGraw-Hill Education Content or the information therein or any warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, currentness, or results to be obtained from, accessing or using the McGraw-Hill Education content, or any material referenced in such content or any information entered into licensee&#8217;s product by users or other persons and/or any material available on or that can be accessed through the licensee&#8217;s product (including via any hyperlink or otherwise) or as to non-infringement of third-party rights. Any warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, are disclaimed. Any material or data obtained through use of the McGraw-Hill Education content is at your own discretion and risk and user understands that it will be solely responsible for any resulting damage to its computer system or loss of data.</p>
<p class="indent">Neither McGraw-Hill Education nor its licensors shall be liable to any subscriber or to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy, delay, interruption in service, error or omission, regardless of cause, or for any damage resulting therefrom.</p>
<p class="indent">In no event will McGraw-Hill Education or its licensors be liable for any indirect, special or consequential damages, including but not limited to, lost time, lost money, lost profits or good will, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, and whether or not such damages are foreseen or unforeseen with respect to any use of the McGraw-Hill Education content.</p>
</section>
</body></html>