<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><head>
<title>CompTIA Cloud+&#174; Certification Study Guide, Second Edition (Exam CV0-002)</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="amzn-mobi" href="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media=" all" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<hr class="hr-s" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true"/>
<h2 class="h2f" id="about"><span id="page_iv" epub:type="pagebreak"></span><span class="black">ABOUT THE AUTHORS</span></h2>
<hr class="hr-s1" data-AmznRemoved-M8="true"/>
<p class="noindentt"><strong>Scott Wilson</strong> is currently helping to revolutionize the MSP offering in the SMB space as a partner at HubWise Technology. He has 22 years of experience consulting, managing, and training IT organizations across multiple industries on how to better deliver value to their customers. He is also the owner of Courseware Experts, a technical publishing company. Scott&#8217;s certifications include CompTIA Cloud+, MCT, MCSE, MCSA, MCTS, MCITP, MCP, ITIL Certified Foundations 2011, Release Control and Validation, Operational Support and Analysis, and ITIL Certified Trainer.</p>
<p class="noindentt"><strong>Eric Vanderburg</strong> is Vice President of Cybersecurity at TCDI and a well-known blogger, speaker, and thought leader. He is best known for his insight on cybersecurity, privacy, cloud, and storage. Vanderburg is also a licensed private investigator with an MBA and several undergraduate degrees. He is a continual learner and has earned over 40 technology certifications from Microsoft, Cisco, CompTIA, (ISC)<sup>2</sup>, Rapid7, EMC, CWNP, and Hitachi Data Systems. Eric is passionate about sharing cybersecurity and technology news, insights, and best practices. He regularly presents on security topics and publishes insightful articles. You can find him throughout the day posting valuable and informative content on his social media channels:</p>
<p class="noindentt"><strong>Twitter:</strong> <a href="mailto:evanderburg">@evanderburg</a></p>
<p class="noindent"><strong>LinkedIn:</strong> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/evanderburg">https://www.linkedin.com/in/evanderburg</a></p>
<p class="noindent"><strong>Facebook:</strong> <a href="https://www.facebook.com/VanderburgE">https://www.facebook.com/VanderburgE</a></p>
<h3 class="h3">About the Technical Editor</h3>
<p class="noindent"><strong>Daniel Lachance</strong>, CompTIA Cloud Essentials, CompTIA Server+, CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, MCT, MCSA, MCITP, MCTS, is the owner of Lachance IT Consulting Inc., based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Dan has delivered technical IT training for a wide variety of products for more than 20 years. He has recorded IT support videos related to security and various cloud-computing platforms. Dan has developed custom applications and planned, implemented, troubleshot, and documented various network configurations and conducted network security audits. Dan has worked as a technical editor on a number of certification titles and has authored titles including <em>CompTIA Cloud+ Certification Practice Exams (Exam CV0-002)</em>, <em>CompTIA Server+ Certification All-in-One Exam Guide (Exam SK0-004)</em>, and <em>CompTIA Security+ Certification Practice Exams, Second Edition (Exam SY0-401)</em>.</p>
<p class="indent">When not performing with the Halifax-based cover band Clusterfunk, Dan loves being around family and spending time outdoors.</p>
</section>
</body></html>