<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en"><head>
<title>CompTIA Cloud+ Certification Bundle (Exam CV0-002)</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style0001.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="amzn-mobi" href="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media=" all" href="../Styles/style0002.css"/>
</head><body>
<section epub:type="chapter">
<p class="fm"><strong>How to Access the Bonus Content for the<br/><em>CompTIA Cloud+<sup>&#174;</sup> Certification Bundle</em></strong></p>
<hr class="hrg"/>
<p class="noindenttb">This Bundle comes with a free downloadable Lab Book PDF containing 20 step-by-step exercises.</p>
<p class="noindent55"><strong>System Requirements</strong></p>
<p class="noindentb">The Lab Book PDF requires Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Reader, or Adobe Digital Editions to view. For more information on Adobe Reader and to check for the most recent version of the software, visit Adobe&#8217;s web site at <a href="http://www.adobe.com">www.adobe.com</a> and search for the free Adobe Reader or look for Adobe Reader on the product page. Adobe Digital Editions can also be downloaded from the Adobe web site.</p>
<p class="noindent55"><strong>Downloading from McGraw-Hill Professional&#8217;s Media Center</strong></p>
<p class="noindentb">To download the Lab Book PDF, visit McGraw-Hill Professional&#8217;s Media Center by going to the URL below, and entering this Bundle&#8217;s ISBN and your e-mail address. You will then receive an e-mail message with a download link for the additional content.</p>
<p class="indentb"><strong><a href="http://mhprofessional.com/mediacenter">http://mhprofessional.com/mediacenter</a></strong></p>
<p class="noindentb">This Bundle&#8217;s ISBN is 978-1-260-12884-0.</p>
<p class="noindentb">Once you&#8217;ve received the e-mail message from McGraw-Hill Professional&#8217;s Media Center, click the link included to download a zip file containing the additional resources for this Bundle. Extract the Lab Book PDF from the zip file and save it to your computer. If you do not receive the e-mail, be sure to check your spam folder.</p>
<p class="noindent55"><strong>Technical Support</strong></p>
<p class="bull2">&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;For questions regarding the <strong>McGraw-Hill Professional Media Center Download:</strong> e-mail <a href="mailto:techsolutions@mhedu.com">techsolutions@mhedu.com</a> or visit <a href="http://mhp.softwareassist.com">http://mhp.softwareassist.com</a></p>
<p class="bull2">&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;For questions regarding the <strong>bonus content:</strong> e-mail <a href="mailto:hep_customer-service@mheducation.com">hep_customer-service@mheducation.com</a></p>
<p class="bull2">&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;For customers <strong>outside the United States:</strong> e-mail <a href="mailto:international_cs@mheducation.com">international_cs@mheducation.com</a></p>
<p class="noindenttb">Note: The bonus digital content comes exclusively with this <em>CompTIA Cloud+ Certification Bundle</em>. To access the digital content for the two books contained in this bundle, please see Appendix A in each book for details.</p>
<hr class="hrg"/>
</section>
</body></html>